Uninspected Names (#286)
namehash/namekit: nameguard.md

12. **NameWrapper fuses**: Checks that the NameWrapper configuration of a name is safe.

> 13. **Uninspected Name**: Checks if the name can be inspected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. **Uninspected Name**: Checks if the name is exceptionally long and would not be inspected by NameGuard for performance reasons.
```
